README.md, before:

# Personal README Generator
  A command line application created to speed up the readme file creation process for future projects. This specific readme generator is a simplified version of another readme generator that was created by the same developer. This original can be found [here](https://github.com/boxnbeeson/README-Generator). 
  <br>
  Livelink: []() <- Tutorial video will be placed here.

  ## <a name="toc">Table of Contents</a>
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Guide](#guide)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Developer's Information](#devInfo)
  * [Credientials](#credientials)
  * [License](#license)
  
  ## <a name="installation">Installation</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  To install this application, you may download the code into a zip file, or clone the repository. If you do not know how to clone a repository, I suggest looking into this [GitHub Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository).
  <br>
  This command line application requires inquirer, which can be installed using the terminal prompt "npm install inquirer". To run the terminal command, one must also have Node.js, which can be installed [here](https://nodejs.org/en/) (for those new to coding, it is recommended to install the LTS version of node.)
  
  ## <a name="guide">Guide</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  After dependencies have been installed

  ## <a name="devInfo">Developer's Information</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  Feel free to contact me using the information below if you have any questions or feedback!
  <br>
  Name: Jacob(Jake) Beeson
  <br>
  [Portfolio](https://boxnbeeson.github.io/Portfolio/)
  <br>
  Github Link: https://github.com/boxnbeeson
  <br>
  Email: boxnbeeson.jp@gmail.com

  ## <a name="credientials">Credientials</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  Understanding Node.js:
  <br>
  [Node.js Documentation](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/documentation.html)
  <br>
  [Writing Files in Node.js](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2496710/writing-files-in-node-js)
  <br>
  Markdown help:
  <br>
  [Markdownguide cheatsheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)
  <br>
  [How to write a table of contents](https://community.atlassian.com/t5/Bitbucket-questions/How-to-write-a-table-of-contents-in-a-Readme-md/qaq-p/673363)
  <br>
  [Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
  <br>
  [How I created my "Table of Contents" footnote](https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/258597/formatting-footnotes)
  Licenses:
  <br>
  [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/)
  <br>
  Inquirer:
  <br>
  [Inquirer Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)
  
  ## <a name="license">License</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  MIT

Commit message:

Fixed spelling errors. Also, the markdown was slightly altered on the previous commit.

README.md, after:

# Personal README Generator
  A command line application designed to speed up the readme file creation process for future projects. This specific readme generator is a simplified version of another readme generator that was created by the same developer. The original can be found [here](https://github.com/boxnbeeson/README-Generator). 
  <br>
  Livelink: []() <- Tutorial video will be placed here.

  ## <a name="toc">Table of Contents</a>
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Guide](#guide)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Developer's Information](#devInfo)
  * [Credientials](#credientials)
  * [License](#license)
  
  ## <a name="installation">Installation</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  To install this application, you may download the code into a zip file, or clone the repository. If you do not know how to clone a repository, I suggest looking into this [GitHub Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository).
  <br>
  This command line application requires inquirer, which can be installed using the terminal prompt "npm install inquirer". To run the terminal command, one must also have Node.js, which can be installed [here](https://nodejs.org/en/) (for those new to coding, it is recommended to install the LTS version of node.)
  
  ## <a name="guide">Guide</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  After dependencies have been installed, open up the main terminal for the project folder and run "node index.js". This will prompt the user with a series of questions that will fill in the generateMarkdown.js file. The generated readme will be created as "genREADME.md".

  ## <a name="devInfo">Developer's Information</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  Feel free to contact me using the information below if you have any questions or feedback!
  <br>
  Name: Jacob(Jake) Beeson
  <br>
  [Portfolio](https://boxnbeeson.github.io/Portfolio/)
  <br>
  Github Link: https://github.com/boxnbeeson
  <br>
  Email: boxnbeeson.jp@gmail.com

  ## <a name="credientials">Credientials</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  Understanding Node.js:
  <br>
  [Node.js Documentation](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/documentation.html)
  <br>
  [Writing Files in Node.js](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2496710/writing-files-in-node-js)
  <br>
  Markdown help:
  <br>
  [Markdownguide cheatsheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)
  <br>
  [How to write a table of contents](https://community.atlassian.com/t5/Bitbucket-questions/How-to-write-a-table-of-contents-in-a-Readme-md/qaq-p/673363)
  <br>
  [Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
  <br>
  [How I created my "Table of Contents" footnote](https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/258597/formatting-footnotes)
  Licenses:
  <br>
  [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/)
  <br>
  Inquirer:
  <br>
  [Inquirer Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)
  
  ## <a name="license">License</a><sup><sup><sub>[Table of Contents](#toc)</sub></sup></sup>
  MIT
